Changed 'caBundle' description (#19341)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers.md

    service:
      namespace: "example-namespace"
      name: "example-service"

>     caBundle: "Ci0tLS0tQk...<`caBundle` is a PEM encoded CA bundle which will be used to validate the webhook's server certificate.>...tLS0K"

Reviewer: YAML supports comments, so you could write:
```suggestion
    # caBundle is a PEM encoded certificate authority bundle
    # that is used to validate the webhook's server certificate.
    caBundle: "egCi0tLS0tQk...<more data>...tLS0K"
```

How does that look?

Author: LGTM. I wanted to leave the "formatting" as before.
Anyhow, this PR was already approved. I'll keep it for next time :)
